news in the news will there be another
candidate running for mayor in the city
of on the heat is on in the region and
in sports the gold medal is awarded
involved
it was cancelled last weekend due to bad
weather but this weekend sunshine was
perfect for the hope and silk car wash
in richmond hill
the water was flowing at the fifth
annual hope and soap car wash at York
Regional Police is two districts Sunday
the same water we use for washing cars
can mean the difference between life and
death in some countries giving students
clean water is vital to further
education because some girls around
Africa have to carry water instead of
going to school for the families so by
giving them the opportunity to have seen
available access to water you can give
them the opportunity to get education
Richmond Hill High School student
shannon wong is only 14 but she spent
the summer in india building a new
health center and last summer in china
building a school and teaching kids
english you see the way they feel and
you like connect with them personally so
you understand like how they feel about
it but like their gratitude towards like
our donations here so it's like really
empowering and then like when you come
back then you just want to do even more
the charity car wash is also a good way
for police to interact with youth this
is a reflection of our future and we
have a good future ahead of us and we
can never forget that the youth of today
are our future so we owe it to them to
enlighten them and also to realize that
we can also be enlightened by them
organizers hope to raise five hundred
dollars at this weekend's carwash and
five thousand dollars throughout the
school year ninety-one percent of the
proceeds go directly to the people who
need it through the Free The Children
program